Tokenholder Section Updates (#68)
UMAprotocol/docs: docs/uma-tokenholders/umips.md

- What use case is addressed by adding this identifier?
- What are the financial positions enabled by creating this synthetic that do not already exist? 
- Consider adding market data -- e.g., if we add a “Dai alternative,” the author could show the market size of Dai.

### Technical specification

The technical specification should describe the syntax and semantics of the proposed solution for the issue raised. If a suggestion is proposed, provide sufficient details so that an implementation would be possible (Proof of Concepts are acceptable).

#### Example template for adding a new price identifier

- <b> Identifier name </b>: [Base currency / Quote currency]
- <b> Base Currency </b>: The currency the DVM will be reporting prices on.
- <b> Quote Currency</b>: The currency to report the  base currency in.
- <b> Data sources</b>: Where tokenholders will obtain price information (e.g., exchanges)
- <b>Result Processing</b>: The DVM will aggregate votes from tokenholders on price requests. The result processing field denotes the processing the DVM will perform to determine the final price of an asset (e.g., take the median or mode of all votes submitted).

> - <b>Input Processing</b>: Denotes if UMA tokenholders should change the calculation method for a price identifier. For example, for ETH/USD price requests, inputs are results received from exchanges and if an exchange is no longer valid then human intervention is requred in extreme cases. The input processing can be denoted as "Human intervention in extreme circumstances where the result differs from broad market consensus". 

Author: ```suggestion
- <b>Input Processing</b>: Denotes if and why UMA token holders should change the calculation method for a price identifier. For example, for ETH/USD price requests, inputs are results received from exchanges and if an exchange is no longer valid, then human intervention is required. The input processing can typically be denoted as "Human intervention in extreme circumstances where the result differs from broad market consensus". 
```

> - <b> Price Steps</b>: The amount of decimal places the price identifier will be reported in. <b>Note </b> - the collateral currency decimals need to be greater than or equal to the price identifier’s decimals. 

Author: ```suggestion
- <b> Price Steps</b>: The amount of decimal places the price identifier will be reported in. <b>Note </b> - the amount of decimals in a contract's collateral currency type needs to be greater than or equal to the amount of decimals in the contract's price identifier. 
```

#### Example template for adding a new price identifier

After following the suggested steps to obtain the price, token holders should determine whether that median differs from broad market consensus. This is meant to be vague as the $UMA tokenholders are responsible for defining broad market consensus.

Ultimately, how one queries the exchanges should be varied and determined by the voter to ensure that there is no central point of failure. While it's important for tokenholders to have redundancy in their sources, bots and users that interact with the system in realtime need fast sources of price information. In these cases, it can be assumed that the exchange median is accurate enough.

### Security considerations

All UMIPs must include a discussion of the security implications/considerations relevant to the proposed change as well as proposed mitigations. A UMIP cannot proceed to “Final” status without a sufficient security review from the core team.

#### Example questions to address for a new price identifier

* Where could manipulation occur?
* How could this be exploited?
* Do the instructions for determining the price provide people with enough certainty?

> * What are current or future concern possibilities with the way the price identifier is defined?

Author: ```suggestion
* What are current or future concern possibilities with the way the price identifier is defined?
* Are there any concerns around if the price identifier implementation is deterministic? 
```
